yo this is dr. axe and today I'm going
to teach you how to make a simple little
big planet boat easy with water and the
parts of the Caribbean pack and rockets
and expunged and back to hold they're
pretty simple there's just like this one
or this one which has a different sponge
texture thing basically what you have to
do is go to your pocket menu select any
sort of sponge any like it doesn't
really matter just sponge or that one
that says poly steering I can't
polystyrene yeah polystyrene and then ah
so yeah select a sponge I like this
wrong I guess make it three layers sort
of expand it make it big enough for your
sack person to be on sackboy then you
crowd you sort of expand it like that so
it looks like whole shape of balsa body
um
go to your square shape and make a huge
cut right there not huge actually just
like small slit and then go to your toes
go to rockets and put three layers of
rockets in there it's like a see it
looks like they're truly nothing in
there and then you want to make the sale
so get some wood dark wood I guess make
a square and then try to make like that
tall go to your stickers then you're
gonna go to the go all the way down a
scenic then go to the tattered black
sail it's sort of stretch it out so it
fits your boat doesn't have to be
perfect all right so you've got the
basic vote now for attaching the Rockets
to the switch you get a graph switch put
it on anywhere on the Holts body then
hook it on to the three rockets and then
configure the rocket so there's only
like seven so you go all the way down
one two three four five six seven not
with your analog sticks but with the
control pad
let's see all right Pongo
alright so there's your basic boat when
you try it out it should feel or sort of
look a little something like this
when you grab onto it it's not very fast
you make it faster like this one or this
one juice all right then if I get enough
hits on this video I'm going to teach
you how to make something like this one
should be an Indian has a lot of stuff
like life thing I'm a barber jigar saver
sales two-layered control there's lights
flags rockets you can go backwards and
forwards and this auto pilot pilot thing
where there's a switch that controls it
and it makes it go either backwards or
four so let's put it backwards you can
see the boat stopped and asked when we
tour the other way I have tweaks 10c so
basically it's like an auto uh um
captain I guess if you stand up here
there's a little slip you can stand
and yeah that's it thanks guys